Here's a gamedev trick. Generate NPCs
using Pixel Lab. If you already have
your main character sprite [music] and
you want to have NPCs in the same style,
you can use the create image from style
reference pro tool. Just add the style
image. So, I'll add my office dude right
here and prompt for NPCs. For example,
I'll say characters wearing office
outfits, [music] women, men with hats,
etc. and Pixel Lab generates a different
variance based on the style you provide,
but these are all static front-facing.
If you have a character that's already
animated, you can go even crazier. You
can use our edit animation tool. Select
the frames you want to replace and
[music] prompt for your new character.
So, I'll add the images of my wolf guy
and I'll prompt [music]
change it for a dog, golden retriever,
wearing an army outfit, camo outfit, no
[music] backpack,
and bam. How's that? Those are just some
ways you can use Pixelab [music] to
enhance your game development journey.
Check it out at pixelab.ai.
And that's just one gamedev [music]
trick you don't want to sleep on.
Speaking of tricks,